docs(fn): all readme (#4018)
SAP/fundamental-styles: packages/common-css/README.md

Fundamental Library Common CSS Package

## What is Fundamental Library Common CSS?

> Fundamental Library Common CSS Package holds all the CSS style rules of the library that are recognized by older browsers—as well as the newer browsers. It creates the style rules for the basic elements on a page, such as a (link) elements, p (paragraph) elements, h1 (header) elements etc. The package is based on the DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) methodology which allows the developers to not repeat the same CSS rules overall in the library.

Reviewer: I would say that the common-css is the "set of utility CSS classes similar to Tailwind CSS to create own components in SAP look but without manually writing CSS".

Author: I don't think we need to explain out technologies through other technologies.

Author: Ignore this one... the updated common css read me is in the other pr

## Getting Started

### 1. Fundamental Library Common CSS Package included in Fundamental Styles

> Fundamental Library Common CSS Package is part of the Fundamental Styles. If you have installed the Fundamental Styles in your project, you automatically get the Fundamental Library Common CSS Package.

Reviewer: It's separate one, isn't it? @InnaAtanasova correct me if I'm wrong.

**Learn more at http://sap.github.io/fundamental-styles/**

### 2. Fundamental Library Common CSS Package on its own

Fundamental Library Common CSS Package can stand on its own. You can install the package in your project through:

```html
npm i @fundamental-styles/common-css
```

## Common CSS Elements

> The Fundamental Library Common CSS Package consists of elements that align with the SAP designs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fundamental Library Common CSS Package consists of CSS classes to apply the following CSS rules and align their values with the SAP designs.
```
